add READMEs for common directories (#11486)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: apps/README.md

# apps

The main source code for the PrairieLearn project can be found in the [`prairielearn`](prairielearn/) directory.

> The `grader-host` and `workspace-host` applications are used to run the grading and workspace containers.

Reviewer: Might be worth commenting that the grader host includes the production version of the grading process, with the dev version running directly inside prairielearn by default; while the workspace host runs both in production and dev.

Author: How does 901eaeb look?

> # apps
> 
> The main source code for the PrairieLearn project can be found in the [`prairielearn`](prairielearn/) directory.
> 
> The [`grader-host`](./grader-host/) is the production version of the grading process, with the development version running directly inside of PrairieLearn by default. The [`workspace-host`](./workspace-host/) runs in both production and development.

Reviewer 2: Workshopping (feel free to make changes on top of this):

```suggestion
# `apps` directory

This directory contains the various applications that make up the PrairieLearn platform.

- [`prairielearn`](./prairielearn): The PrairieLearn web application.
- [`grader-host`](./grader-host): The production runner for external grading jobs. `prairielearn` contains a separate implementation that's used during local development.
- [`workspace-host`](./workspace-host): The runner work workspace containers.
```

Author: Resolved in [c2a475b](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/11486/commits/c2a475bb111a8cd31695a58422946f544bb7b21c).
